Update readme.md (#2153)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/109-nodejs-template-engines/readme.md

# Template Engines

Template engine helps us to create an HTML template with minimal code. Also, it can inject data into HTML template at client side and produce the final HTML.

Some examples of template engines in Node.js are:

- Nunjucks
- Jade
- Vash
- EJS
- Handlebars
- HAML

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> # Nodejs template engines
> 
> Template engine helps us to create an HTML template with minimal code. Also, it can inject data into HTML template at client side and produce the final HTML.
> 
> Some examples of Nodejs template engines 
> Jade
> Vash
> EJS
> Handlebars
> haml
> 
> **Advantages of Template engine in Node.js**
> 1. Improves developer's productivity.
> 2. Improves readability and maintainability.
> 3. Faster performance.
> 4. Maximizes client side processing.
> 5. Single template for multiple pages.
> 6. Templates can be accessed from CDN (Content Delivery Network).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Template Engines

Template engine helps us to create an HTML template with minimal code. Also, it can inject data into HTML template at client side and produce the final HTML.

Some examples of template engines in Node.js are:

- Nunjucks
- Jade
- Vash
- EJS
- Handlebars
- HAML
```
